



                                               InstagramBot 

                                              Terms of Service

By registering on Instagrambot via www.instagram.github.io, you agree to this terms of service. We at Instagrambot reserve the right to make key changes to our  terms of service at any time without any prior notice.

Instagrambot was specifically created for the profitable convenience of promoting your company, product, brand or service via Instagram. We do not encourage spamming or violation of any Instagram user's rights or rules as set by Instagram.

Instagrambot is not owned, controlled or affiliated with Instagram or any other social networking sites or any other third-party sites in any way.

Please note that we at Instagrambot are not responsible for any of your actions and their consequences when you use Instagrambot. We are not responsible or held liable if your Instagram account is locked, blocked or banned due to negligence.

To connect to our application and gain access to our immense services, your login credentials - username and password are needed. However, we will never ask for your password and as such, we will not use your credentials without your permission

In spite of the open source system of Instagrambot, Our system server infrastructure are well secured using high level encryption to prevent unauthorized access of your account. However, in case of security breach and loss of data, we are not responsible for the consequences that follow the event.


Other Automated User behavior such as auto liking auto following liking, following or commenting on your images or gallery cannot be predicted and therefore cannot be controlled. The actual number of likes or followers you get solely depends on the quality of images in your account gallery.


 In the course of running our app in your Instagram account, a time of voluntary inactivity - if you choose to stop the script for a specific period - shall not be compensated for.


We fully reserve the right to remove your account and ban you from using Instagram bot services at any point in time

Every Instagrambot user is obliged to report any errors, bugs, glitches and other issues with Instagrambot website or bot services provided, as they occur. 

Failure  to do so or exploitation of above mentioned issues may result in your account removal or ban as stated above.

Since Instagram bot is an open source app and is therefore totally free to use, interested users are welcome to contribute either code and document writing  

Finally, we strive to provide our users with industry leading support. 

For any sales or technical questions, please send us an email us at [add email address here?] 
